Add require statement (#2170)
newrelic/newrelic-ruby-agent: CHANGELOG.md

# New Relic Ruby Agent Release Notes

## v9.4.2

> Version 9.4.2 of the agent re-addresses a `NoMethodError` introduced in 9.4.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 9.4.2 of the agent re-addresses the 9.4.0 issue of `NoMethodError` seen when using the `uppy-s3_multipart` gem.
```

Author: I like this change!
